feat!: Move `Forge2DGame` to use `CameraComponent` (#2728)
flame-engine/flame: doc/bridge_packages/flame_forge2d/forge2d.md

# Forge2D

> We (the Blue Fire organization) maintain a ported version of the Box2D physics engine and our

Author: Sgtm!

> We (the Blue Fire organization) maintain a ported version of the Box2D physics engine and our

Author: ```suggestion
Blue Fire maintains a ported version of the Box2D physics engine and our
```
